'Previously...
..on Love Island.
Loyalties were put to the test.'
Oh, my God.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I don't even want to see him.
I just knew it was too good to be
true.
'Tonight...
As two villas become one, the
truth will out.'
This recoupling is going to be the
biggest shakeup in the villa.
I have a really bad feeling
in my stomach.
I just want to be with Megan.
(SOBS)
Oh, my God.
(PHONE BEEPS)
GEORGIA: I've got a text!
'The girls have
been missing the fellas
since they went into Casa Amor,
so I sent them a video
to show them how their boys
are getting on.'
'OK, in hindsight, maybe I could
have chosen a different bit.'
She's going to try it with him
again.
If I was a girl and I was seeing
someone and they were with someone,
you wouldn't care!
Imagine, like, it's a girl he has
recently been seeing.
He clearly had feelings for her to
be seeing her. Now she's in here.
They have probably slept together.
She's probably going to want to
sleep with him.
What if all that happens?
You are boyfriend and girlfriend,
it's different.
It is just annoying, because while I
have been sitting here for the past
few days, thinking about Jack, he's
been wrapped around an ex-bird.
And she's probably all over him and
stuff. It always happens to me.
I can never just have anything easy
with anyone.
Be strong. She ain't gonna
be in here stealing your man like
that.
Something you and Jack have got is
very special.
And he will not let that go. Can I
tell you something, Dan?
Josh ain't gonna let that happen,
trust me, he will not let that
happen.
I know what girls can do, babe. It
has happened to me before!
But it's Jack, Dan.  It's Jack but he
still a boy.
Imagine if the girl was
sitting there...
Lipstick, tits, not
eating toasties every night.
But she's not Dan.
If he does crack on with that girl,
it clearly wasn't meant to be with
me and him, was it?
At least I know I tried and I was
honest with him.
That's naughty, innit?
Yeah, but you don't know what he's
done. He might not have done
anything.
Let me watch it, please.  Yeah.
What was Josh doing?
Who is that?
His head's gone,
that's what he's doing.
Who is that?  A girl walked past.
Right, let's show the boys.
A girl walks into the room, walks
out
of the room and he's doing this on
the bed like he's frustrated.
I have been so loyal to him the
whole time I have been here and
then he's thrusting like that.
Get a bloody grip. Grow up, Josh.
You're meant to be the mature one
in this relationship. (SIGHS)
What does it mean with a girl
walking out
and Josh going like this on the bed?
Wait, wait, wait. Show it.  I'm
fuming! Look, walks out.
She looks like me as well!
That's pissed me off.
Video picture says 1000 words. You
know what I mean?
You never really know the ins
and outs, but it has
definitely rocked the boat.
When any of these boys came in here,
I wasn't like, 'Ooooooh.' Was I?
Thrusting!  No, he wasn't
thrusting, he was like frustrated.
Yeah.  No, that's not what I meant.
He was frustrated because there was
another girl in that villa that he
fancies and he doesn't know what to
do.
I have been loyal the whole time I
have been in here,
because I fancy Josh and I see a
future with Josh.
Why has he not been loyal to me?
Why is he going like this on a bed
with a girl that looks similar to
me?
I'm bubbling!
Why would you do that? I have turned
into a psychopath. I have turned
into a psychopath!
It doesn't look great, admittedly.
No, it doesn't look great!
Of course it doesn't look great!
But-but-but... You don't know. It's
boys around boys. Doing dumb shit.
You thought Jordan was hot.
Yeah, but I wasn't thrusting, was I?
But he's a boy!
We just do dumb shit when we're
around each other.
Don't read too much into it.
I ain't going to be his bloody
little G, if he walks in with
someone else, am I?
Bloody hell! Little G can go.
Fuming, man. Fuming.
Yeah. It's like a kick in the teeth.
Could be worse, could be kissing
her. Thank God he didn't, eh?
Then I would be going off.
I'm meant to be his little G.
So annoying! So annoying!
'Georgia, you should be his little
G.
But sadly, right now, Josh is
behaving like a bit of a B.'
So, if you put money on what
girls will be cracking on in
the villa, who would you say?
Dani won't. Obviously.
Georgia might, maybe...
It's hard.  I don't think she would.
I don't think she would.
I think maybe she won't, my head is
saying she won't.
I don't think she will.  But my heart
is saying that maybe I hope she is.
I was going to say, you want her to,
don't you?
You feel like a scumbag. You feel
like a bit of an arsehole.
Because if you're here doing what
you are doing, like, it is almost...
It is like you are on a lads'
holiday!
Yeah, and you're doing a few bits
you shouldn't be doing.
I know what you mean.
Then you go home to your missus
and bring your new girlfriend.
Do you know what I mean?
In that way, I guess, you can't be
honest because you can't speak to
them.
That's what it feels like, but what
it actually is,
you have known the girl for three
weeks. Which is nothing.
You like her. You found someone you
got a better connection with.  Yeah.
'Doctor Alex is currently grafting
grace,
he was grafting Charlie but
he moved on.
This is known as doing the rounds.'
So, what kind of like, dating-wise,
what kind of guy do you go for?
What's your type? Like, looks and
personality and stuff?
Um... With looks, my main thing is
taller than me. Nice teeth.
Mannerisms are really big thing to
me.
Like, just someone who is really
polite and easy to talk to.
Someone that knows right from wrong
and everything.
What is stopping you from meeting
someone?
I think, because I have
been focusing on my career.
I haven't really had time to date.
He's really good to talk to. So
interesting.
And looks-wise, he would be someone
that
I would look and think, 'Oh,
you're attractive.'
So, come on, you are a hairdresser.
Yeah.
And I am a guy who needs a bit of a
trim.
My hair gets really thick really
quickly.
In this heat as well, it
probably feels a bit thicker.
I end up looking like old man, you
know, flat.
No-one likes that flat...  Need that
volume there, a bit of texture.
What clipper grade do you go for?
Four, three, two, one, classic.
Fade out.
I really like the fact
that Grace is really positive.
She has got a real energy about her.
It is a real attractive trait in
someone.
She is growing on me as well.
'Wes and Jack are having another
conversation about how much
they are missing their girls.
I can't help but think
this is the kind of stuff
I should
have put in that video message.'
I have just got to a point where I
am just over, like, being here now.
Mate, I have got to the point where
I actively dislike being here.
Not because it's all right, or is
just as good,
I just dislike being here.
I just want to go back to Meg now.
I am in the exact same boat.
But, like, probably even worse.
Mate, I feel like, I know where my
head's at.
And she was saying the exact same
thing that I was saying.
I know she
is going to be all right with it.
I've got brand-new relationship I
care about a lot.
I want to go and be with that.
I don't want to be here.
'OK, this is Love Island episode 29,
scene four. Dani leaves the larder
and bangs on about Jack.
Rolling to record,
3, 2, 1... Cue Dani.'
At the end of the day, even if they
do crack on,
at least I've had a good month in
here with him.
It just upsets me, I have really
missed him the past few days.
All I spoke about is Jack.
He has been wrapped around an
ex-girlfriend. You know what I mean?
I've had an amazing time and you
boys are all amazing, I love you
all.
But, in my mind, I'm thinking
of Jack.
While Jack is sitting there,
probably playing games like
that yesterday.
It just ain't nice that a girl wants
to come in and try and split me and
my boyfriend up.
It's a boyfriend stealer, innit? Who
wants a boyfriend stealer?  Yeah.
It is just horrible. I've had such a
lovely month with him.
This always happens to me.
I think you'll be fine.
I just can't be naive to the
situation, that
maybe that girl could be the one.
And I was just a bit of fun for a
month, I dunno.
At the end of the day, she wants to
come in to get her man back,
doesn't she?
Well, she can shove it up her arse.
'If there is one thing worse
than the thought of your man
cracking on while you are on
your best behaviour,
it is the thought of your
man on his best behaviour, while
you are cracking on.
Twice.'
So, how are you feeling about Wes?
I'm unsure.  You unsure?
About Wes. I know that I definitely
like Alex.
You want to crack on.
It is not a question of we'll see.
I know I like Alex. I couldn't help
but laugh at Josh, though.
I know it's not nice to see. But
that could have been...
It is very Josh. To be like that. It
is so Josh.
He has gone to me before, like,
'Mmm, sexy.'
And Georgia doesn't mind.
That is all he's doing.
It's just awful.
While we have been sat here moping
around, they have
been wrapped around girls.
I have not bat an eyelid at any
guy in a relationship kind of way.
I am falling for him. I am.
It is embarrassing.
I hate to say it, but I am.
That's what I mean.
Me and Jack are boyfriend and
girlfriend.
I have been so committed to that
boy. So committed.
As soon as they walked in,
I was like,
'Ain't interested, I've got a
boyfriend, I'm very happy.'
I basically fucking love the kid.
You know I mean? I honestly do.
Every time I see him, I'm like,
'Fit.'
Now I look at him and think,
'Does she think he's fit?'
Dan! We have turned into melts.
Where are they?  I don't even care.
I do.
Still to come.
Alex finds his saving grace.
It might be nice if you wanted to
share a bed with me tonight.
'The sun is going down and the
islanders are getting ready
for another night in paradise.'
I've got a really bad feeling in my
stomach and I feel horrible.
Don't worry.  No, I do, I literally
just want to cry.
This could be our last night
together.
Last chance saloon, innit.
What are you doing about Georgia?
I think she's with Josh, innit.
If he was in bed with her, go away.
Get out of my life.
I'd be devastated, Dan, if Josh has
slept in a bed with them.
I'm an emotional wreck, mate.
I'm excited.
It'll be good, won't it?
D'you think you'll, like, have
another talk with Adam?
Yeah. You know when you just want to
be near someone.
Aww!
How do you feel about tonight?
I simply did not give a fuck, I
want to go home.
'Alex is making a real effort with
Grace.
Look at him there, his little eyes
are pleading, "give me love".
Give me love! That reminds me of
that Ed Sheeran song, Lego House.'
I feel like yesterday was not a good
day for me.
I dunno, I think I was just really
overwhelmed,
and then today I have had a much
better day.
Yeah, you've been brilliant today.
Yeah, I feel...
You've been flipping hilarious.
Do you know what it was? I took some
vitamins this morning.
Is that what it was? Vegan vitamins.
I think maybe I was lacking a bit of
iron, vitamin B.
Bit of spice?  Yeah.
It just gave me...
Vitamin B12, a bit of folate
and all that.  Gave me a boost.
And then I was on top form.
And now I just feel like today
has been a good day.
It's been interesting getting to
know you.
You're a hairdresser, but at the
end of the day, you're a
businesswoman, career driven.
It's nice to hear that you are
shocked with how I am and stuff,
because I think that... I dunno,
it's just nice to know that people
don't perceive me as...
No, they shouldn't, it's a judgement
on them, don't worry.
Especially because you are really
well educated, you're a doctor.
Look, we both look after people.
You look after their hair.
You save lives, and I change lives.
What a motto!
That is actually brilliant.
That is brilliant. We need to write
that one down.
I feel a little bit like
the ball is in my court,
I need to decide who I am having
stronger feelings towards.
I guess, at the moment, it is with
Gracie,
and that is probably who I want to
spend more time with.
Obviously, you promised me a
haircut.  Yeah.
So what's the appointment time
tomorrow? I need to know time,
place.
Well, I checked with my reception.
Have you got a slot for me?
I've got a 10am slot
tomorrow morning.  10 o'clock?
I'll have a coffee waiting for you,
Alex,
and I'll be all set up and
will give you a little new do.
Do you reckon a mohawk would
suit me? That kind of look?
No.  No?  No, don't do that.
Alex is a really nice guy,
we have got a lot in common,
and, yeah, it's just been really
nice spending time with him today
just chatting, getting to know him a
bit more.
And I could talk to him for hours,
he's so interesting
and there's so much more that you
can find out about it.
'So, Grace might be giving Alex a
short back and sides,
and there's a very good chance that
Georgia might be giving Josh
a knee in his short and curlies.'
Hate to bring it up, the wrath of
Georgia.
Oh, my God.  Do you think that you
are, like...
I would never be rude to her
because I would be very sensitive
to her situation.
I would just chat to her
on a level where I'd be like,
imagine yourself in my position,
and I would say, I would be on her
side, at the same time.
You don't want to be with a guy
that's looking at other girls.
There was something missing already,
you can't be angry,
you can't be angry with me, because
I don't think that...  She can't.
Every single second that I am here,
I just want to enjoy it
and I feel like I have been.
I am very happy with Josh.  Good.
I feel like me and him connect
really well,
and it has been a pleasure getting
to know him.
Being selfish, I would like
her to have cracked on with a guy
to make myself feel better.
But would it sting if I saw that
together in the villa?
Yeah, of course.
I am pooing my pants, basically.
But, listen, I think the risk is
worth it with Kaz,
because I do think there is a
long-term thing going on here.
Do I think Georgia will be upset and
bothered and angry? Absolutely.
Do I care? Absolutely.
Am I upset and a bit nervous?
For sure.
'Do you have the slightest idea of
the world of pain
awaiting you back in the villa? No.'
I was just fuming, I was like a
kettle that got to boiling point.
D'you know what I mean?
If he liked you, why would he do
that? D'you know what I mean?
Because I feel like, sometimes, boys
can be boys.
Maybe it was very similar to what he
went through,
what I have been through with you,
cos when you did come in here, you
were completely my type,
and I even said to the girls, "oh,
my God, he's so fit."  Yeah, thanks.
And, yeah, however, because I can't
talk to Josh about how I feel,
I have to go by the loyalty trait
and that is what I carry with me
through thick and thin.
Here is another question, then.
Say, for instance, he did bring
another girl back,
how would you react to that and what
would you do?
I really don't know.  You don't know?
One thing I have learnt is that
yeah, you can fancy somebody,
yeah, you can think they're fit,
but there's more depth to a
relationship than that,
and I'm very lucky because I feel
like I have that with Josh
and I can see a future with him.
Let's go for a hug.
I'd say a kiss, but...
Jordan still keeps going for me,
which I think is lovely,
and I'm very flattered.
Jordan makes my head turn, however
Josh makes my head spin.
'Megan wants to know if she can
trust Alex
because she is finally ready to
commit to a serious relationship.
One that can last for a couple of
days minimum.'
Obviously, I like Alex, and I know
you haven't known him a long time,
but from what he says to the boys,
what do you reckon his intentions
are?
I do like him but I feel like he is
a bit of a lad.
Honestly, when you and Deano were
chatting over there,
he was bothered, because he was
thinking, "I do care about her".
He has been single for three years,
and I feel like if you are 28 and
you are looking for a relationship,
why have you been single for three
years?
If you are of a certain age and you
have not been in a relationship
for a long time, it can sometimes
mean you just know what you want
and you are waiting and you're not
going to settle for anything less.
If I was you, I would take the risk,
because I think he is such a nice
guy.
You can't not trust someone before
they have broken your trust.
We all just have to go for it, and
you do look good together.
Say if Wes comes back, and he
hasn't cracked on with anyone,
and he's like, "I want to see how
things go with you",
and I went, "Sorry, I like Alex",
pick Alex
and then Alex fucks me off, I'm in
shit creek.
Everyone gets shat on once in their
life or more, d'you know what I
mean?
It doesn't make you a bad person.
Megan is a little bit of a shambles,
I'm not gonna lie.
We have made up, put the Wes
situation behind us.
Wes, I feel, is going to be loyal to
her and come back in
and expect the same.
Karma's a bitch.
Just go for it. Like, what's the
worst that can really happen?
Exactly.
It's not a problem, d'you know what
I mean?
Nothing is a problem. It's just a
situation.
The first time that I have fully
liked a guy here,
Eyal was the looks and sexual
attraction,
Wes was the sense of humour, and he
was good at everything
and I grew to fancy him more and
more,
but Alex walked in and I knew from
the first 10 minutes I liked him.
It is a bit of vulnerability.
'Alex has built himself up to ask
Grace a very difficult question:
can he get those trendy shapes saved
into the side of his head
like what all the cool kids have
got?'
Sorry, I just want to pull you aside
because I want to ask you,
I don't how you feel, but tonight it
might be nice, if you want to,
if you want to share a bed with me
tonight.
Have you spoken to Charlie about it?
I'll chat to her afterwards, but it
depends how you feel.
Yeah, I am happy to, but obviously,
speak to Charlie first,
because I don't want it to be, like,
awkward or anything.
I'm sure it won't be, at the end of
the day, we're just sharing a bed,
it means we can have a bit more time
one-to-one, a bit of pillow talk.
Yeah.
I feel like we're getting on really
well
and it would be nice to spend more
time together.
Yeah, all right then, yeah.
I'll go and speak to Charlie.
Aw, bless you.
Gracie seemed very happy, she was a
little concerned, I think,
about how Charlie might react, and I
just said to her,
I'll speak to her and leave that
with me.
Charlie, can I...?  Yeah.
I think I've made the right
decision.
I want to get to know Gracie a bit
more,
and I feel like, yeah, a bit of
pillow talk would be good.
I just want to say that, obviously,
I spent two nights with you
and spent a bit of time getting to
know you.
I just basically think that tonight,
I just want to spend time with
Gracie,
so I've asked if she wants to share
the bed tonight.
Yeah, that's fine.  I can get to know
her a bit more.
When you are one-to-one, you can get
to know each other a bit more.
That's fine.  I hope you're
OK with that.
I'm really glad you brought
me up on it,
honestly, rather than me be like,
where do you want me to sleep?
And it's not like the case that I'm
not interested and I don't want to
see how things go with you,
it's just the fact that I haven't
really spent much time with her
and it would be nice.
You know what I'm like, I'm genuine,
I'm not trying to get the best
of two or anything, it shouldn't
be...
Honestly, you don't have to explain
yourself.
Thank you for being so good.  Oh,
it's fine.
I really wanted to be open and
honest through this process
and I told Charlie what I am
thinking,
what I'm feeling at the moment, and
she took it quite well, actually.
I could see she was a bit
disappointed,
but at the end of the day, I would
like to spend the night with Gracie.
'It's a full moon AGAIN,
and the islanders are getting ready
for bed.'
Love you. Love you girls, see yous
tomorrow.
Do you think Josh has slept in a
bed with a girl?
Yeah. Now I do.
I don't think he slept on the
fucking sofa.
Night, babe.
Alex said to me, he was like, at
the end of the day,
I've shared a bed with Charlie
and I think he wants to do the same
with me now.
Coming up: a text spells trouble.
There will be a recoupling
in which you must decide...
..whether you want to remain coupled
up with your partner
back in the villa...
..or twist and recouple.
ALL: Oh!
Shit.
Here's your chance to get your very
own taste of the Love Island
lifestyle,
with a massive 20,000 in tax-free
cash
and an unforgettable seven-night
luxury holiday in magical Majorca.
Courtesy of Jet2holidays, you and
five mates will stay at the stunning
five-star Zafiro Palmanova Palace,
and you won't even have to touch
that 20 grand prize money,
because breakfast and dinner are
included,
and we are chucking in 500
euros spending money per person.
Actually, I think I'm free that
week.
For your chance to win this
incredible prize:
The islanders have
a sneaky suspicion
Casa Amor is coming to an end.
Is it something in the air?
A feeling in their bones?
Or that fleet of trucks bringing
all the equipment back to the villa?
This could actually be our last day.
Stop thinking like that.
There are 24 islanders right now.
It is a serious health and safety
hazard, Kaz.
This is gonna go off.
Georgia and Dani have had the chance
to reflect on THAT video message.
Put things in perspective and ask,
was it really that bad?
And the answer is...
Abso-bloody-lutely.
Imagine if they are in bed
with girls right now.  Yeah.
I have no idea what
is gonna happen.
I don't feel secure at all.
I like him, you know.  I know.
Look at us.
Absolute melts.
In Casa Amor, Adam is waking up after
another night with Darylle.
Loads in common, those two.
For example, neither of them have
ever said to a tattoo artist,
"Do you think that is not too much?"
This is the Do Bits Society,
Do Bits Society on tour.
Anything to report, Adam?
There was a lot of teasing.
There was no contact?
There was no heavy duty contact.
OK.  Johnson was left alone.
Yeah, my Johnson was left alone.
So... did we make a decision
on who was in the bed?
There's an 89th minute substitution,
yeah.
Gracie was in the bed.
Charlie is on the subs bench.
We'll see how it goes, really.
She's a nice girl.
I don't know... I don't know if it
is a romantic thing at the moment.
We will see.
I put Charlie in the substitute
bed last night, unfortunately,
cos I wanted to spend
more time with Grace.
It was nice to chill with her
and we were chatting a bit
before we went to sleep.
Obviously we didn't do any of the
levels, because that is not me.
We had a little cuddle
and went to sleep.
It was nice,
it felt very comfortable.
Back in the villa, there
is big news on the way.
Not the random thing Georgia is
about to say, the bit after that.
I do yoga and stuff.
Yoga is really good.
I love it. I feel so good after it.
(PHONE BEEPS) Got a text!
Whoa! What?
They would have got the same text.
It makes me feel a bit sick to think
the boys have obviously
got that text in Casa Amor.
And I don't know how that will go.
I know he definitely fancies someone
over there, don't I?  Does he?
Yeah, because he went thrusting in
the bed when she walked past in a
little thong.
My head is actually gone.
I feel like...
..I am completely out of control.
I'm getting proper, proper paranoid.
(PHONE BEEPS)
Got a text!
Oh, hell.
Oh, shit!
I think there's gonna be
a lot of drama tonight.
After a couple of emotional days,
I don't know if I'm ready for it.
You know?
Hell.
I am not in the business
of breaking hearts.
I know Georgia likes
me and I did like...
I DO like Georgia.
But there are levels, I think,
and the levels I am feeling
at the moment for Kaz
outweigh those after even
a couple of weeks with Georgia.
Does that make you feel better?
Yeah, a lot. Thank you.
Josh looks stressed.  Does he?
It looks like he is thinking a lot.
It is gonna be hard for him.
Of course it is.
You have had a lovely connection and
it would be silly to throw it away.
That's true.
But if he did not pick you,
that would be the biggest regret.
Alex is deciding which girl
to couple up with.
Charlie can get him laughing,
smiling and feeling happy.
While Grace can get him
a 70% discount
on highlights weekdays before six.
I am in a difficult
one at the moment,
because on one hand I had a
connection with one girl,
had a laugh and had a lot of fun,
but then things weren't going
any deeper than that.
And unexpectedly someone else
has caught my eye,
really being...
Grace is really open and things,
she is really good fun,
really kind and nice as well.
Very driven.
At the moment I am still trying
to work out in my head
what I should do and what decision
I need to make.
At the end of the day Charlie
doesn't wear a lot of make-up,
she has natural hair, she is
a very natural-looking girl.
That is what I am attracted to.
Whereas Grace is absolute...
She is incredibly beautiful.
She is less obviously my type.
I think that is fair.
Just less obviously my type.
That is not a judgement on her,
that is just what it is.
People grow on you a lot, don't
they?
I need... Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
It is actually very difficult.
This is a huge shakeup.
This re-coupling is going to be
the biggest shakeup in the villa.
It is gonna be huge.
The boys can't wait
to get back home,
although they are really going to
miss staring at that orange flamingo.
Look, I will be honest.
Even though I have got 100% trust
in Dani,
there was always a small
tiny part of you that worries,
what the fuck are they doing there?
What if some geezer
blew her socks off?
I fucking highly doubt it,
I don't like to think it,
but you never fucking know.
That is the main
thing about being in here.
I don't think Georgia
would have done anything.
That is what is worrying me, I don't
want to be in this situation.
Where I come back and I break
her little heart.
You are not pranged
that Megan might be...
I am just fucking trying to
get that out of my head.
In my opinion, she'll be standing
there waiting for you when
you get back.
Have faith in yourself.
Let's fucking know that
we're going back to the birds
that we fucking really like.
Yeah, hopefully.
Let's know that, yeah.
It's a PMA at all times,
positive mental attitude.
I don't want you sitting
here moping, mate,
cos you fucking done you in here.
You said to me,
"I'm missing Meg, mate."
I know she'll be thinking
the same thing,
standing on her own,
and you can continue your journey,
mate.
I do miss Meg.
Obviously I don't know
what has happened there
but I have got faith
that nothing has happened,
I walk in and she's single, I'm
single, and then we can crack on.
But... pfft...
It is just the whole thing
stressing me, man.
Wes has coupled up with who?
Wes is coupled up
with Laura at the moment
so hopefully he will couple
up with another girl.
I think he's going to bring
the girl back that was in here.
Do you not think Wes
is a little bit worried
about looking like a bit of a dick
if he jumped ship with you
and then he is like...
Because if he is thinking about you,
he will be thinking,
"Fuck, what if I have
just got with Meg
and then jumped ship over there?"
He took a massive risk
ending things with Laura
and trying it with me.
He bombs that straight off.
Is that what you are saying?
You are done with Wes?
So done with Wes.
If Wes brings back a new girl
I feel like, good for him.
It would do me a favour,
because I like Alex.
I would be like,
"Oh, OK, I can relax.
Wes can crack on with a new girl
and I can crack on with Alex."
It's shit, babe. Honestly.
I feel your fucking pain.
It's gonna be fine, I promise.
It is.
I don't know if he likes me.
Of course he does.
Whatever happens, all right,
whatever happens,
you're gonna be fine.
Same as me.
If it doesn't work out,
it doesn't work out for a reason.
I really feel like
these past four days
have made me realise how
much I actually like the guy.
Imagine if I can't even
tell him that, Dan.
You will. I really think
you're gonna be fine.
You've got to think the boys
that have gone in that villa,
the boys that are definitely,
definitely gonna recouple,
cos they weren't happy
where they were, they wasn't secure.
Josh is secure with you.
Why would he want to fuck that off
for a girl that he's just met?
And if he does do that, then
was it really worth it? No.
Would it have worked
in the real world? No.
I really liked him, didn't I?
And I think I was
in denial for a while.
Because I don't like
to let my wall down.
I think Josh was chipping
away at it a bit.
I really want to let
him know how I feel.
If he wants to lose
all that, then fine,
for a girl that he's just met,
was it really worth it?
No, same as me.
You're gonna be fine.
I don't know that.
He's been wrapped around
his ex for four days.
I don't fucking know what she said.
If she was everything to him, he
wouldn't have come in here, Dan.
But he might have thought, "Maybe
she is more worth it than Dani."
I don't know that, do I?
I don't know.
We both don't know.
He would be a stupid idiot
to lose a girl like you.
I promise you, we have
got each other, we have.
I love you.
God, I like him.
I just want to know
what he's thinking.
Do I think I love Josh?
I'll know after tonight.
Coming up...
No!
Caroline Flack is very much back.
Hello, everyone!
The islanders have gathered for the
re-coupling.
Only the newbies face being dumped
if they are not in a couple.
So it's about to get very crowded in
there and extremely awkward.
Caroline, the stage is yours.
Get in there and Flack them up!
(MUSIC)
(GASPS)  No!
Hi, everyone!
(COMMOTION)
She is so fit.
How are you?
ALL: Fine.
I think we need a chat.
Girls, stay where you are. Boys,
come and stand with me.
Girls, how are you feeling?
Really nervous. This is the most
nervous I have felt.
As you know, tonight there will be
a re-coupling.
Girls, you each have a big decision
to make.
I will now ask you one by one if you
want
to stick with your current partner
who has been living in Casa Amor for
the past few days or if you want to
re-couple with one of these handsome
boys.
The boys in Casa Amor have also been
given the choice of whether they
want to stick with you or re-couple
with one of the new girls.
Megan, I will start with you. Please
stand up.
As your partner Eyal was dumped from
the island,
you are officially single.
But before the boys left for Casa
Amor,
you were romantically involved with
Wes. You have the choice.
You can stay single and if Wes has
stayed single too,
you two can pick
up where you left off.
Or has one of the new boys caught
your eye?
Although I was getting to know Wes,
I feel like I have had a really good
connection with one of the new boys.
He is genuine, he is fun and I
really fancy him.
I have decided to couple up with one
of the new boys.
Who would you like to couple up
with?
Alex.  Congratulations, guys.
You are our first couple.
Alex, you can go and join Megan.
We also had a single boy at Casa
Amor.
Adam, who has been single since Zara
was dumped from the island.
It is now time to find out if Adam
has stayed single or coupled up with
one of the new girls.
Oh, my God...
Hi.  Hi, welcome back, Adam.
Welcome to the villa, Darylle.
Hi!
Adam, why did you decide
to couple up with Darylle?
I was in an awkward situation,
after Zara leaving the other night.
We have got on from the off and I do
find her really attractive.
If Zara was still here, do you think
you would have coupled up with
Darylle?
Yes, I do.
Go and take a seat.
Ellie, please stand up.
You were coupled with Alex before
the boys left the villa.
You must now decide whether you want
to stay coupled up with Alex or
re-couple with one of the new boys.
In my couple, there wasn't a
romantic connection and I feel there
has been a boy who has come in here
putting 100% effort into me.
I love waking up every morning to
his big blue eyes.
So I would like to re-couple.  Who
would you like to re-couple with?
Charlie.  Congratulations, Charlie.
Well done, guys.
Let's see whether Alex decided to
stick
with Ellie or re-couple with one of
the new girls.
Ellie, as you have decided to
re-couple, if Alex walks in alone,
he will remain in the villa but he
will be single.
Welcome back, Alex.  Hello, everyone.
Hello, Grace. Welcome to the villa.
Hi, guys. Nice to see you looking so
happy.  I am very happy.
I am chuffed.
She is a great girl, she is
beautiful, really driven, good fun.
We have had a good laugh the last
few days.
Congratulations. Go and sit down.
Laura, please stand up.
You were coupled up with Wes before
the boys left for Casa Amor.
But as we know, you guys had broke
up
and Wes had been getting closer
to Megan. The choice is still yours.
Would you like to stick with Wes or
would you like to re-couple?
I think because Wes and I were no
longer in a romantic couple, it was
the perfect timing for someone new
to walk in.
I have definitely enjoyed my last
few days getting to know this boy.
His competitive, energetic nature is
really infectious.
For that reason, I
would like to re-couple.
Who would
you like to re-couple with?
Jack.
Congratulations, guys. Well done,
Now, let's see if Wes has decided to
re-couple with a new girl or not.
Wes, welcome back to the villa.
Hello.
How are you?  Not bad, not bad.
As you can see, Laura has decided to
re-couple which means you are now
single.
Megan has also re-coupled.
How are you feeling?
We had the opportunity to start
something new but it is what it is.
Do you still feel like you made the
right decision?
Yes, because I felt what I felt.
Go and sit down.
Dani, please stand up.
What did you think when you saw
the villa story come over from Casa
Amor?
The fact there was an ex-girlfriend
in a villa with Jack, initially
broke my heart.
They might have had something that
me and Jack might not have had.
So... Yeah.
Dani, Jack left the villa not only
coupled up with you but also
as your boyfriend.
He has spent the last
three days living with his ex.
Do you think he would stay loyal or
do you think he could be tempted to
stray at Casa Amor?
He better not have.
You now have a very important
decision to make.
Do you stick with Jack or re-couple?
I stick with Jack.
OK, you have decided to stay loyal
to Jack.
If Jack walks in with one of the
girls
from Casa Amor, you will be single.
If he walks in alone, he is all
yours. Are you ready to find out?
Yes. I am.
I can't even look.
(CHEERING)
What's up, everyone?
Hello. You can
go and give her a hug. Go on.
I have missed you.
What's happening?
I guess you are still boyfriend and
girlfriend?  Definitely.
How are you both feeling?  I was
expecting the worst.  So was I.
I was panicking.
He had nothing to panic
about.  I am happy.  Good.
Are you happy now?  Yes.
Samira, please stand up.
How are you feeling?  Fine. Nervous.
Just a little bit?  Yes.
You were coupled up with Sam before
he left the villa.
Would you like to stick with Sam or
re-couple with one of the new boys?
Obviously I was coupled up with Sam
and we had a lot of fun and he was
such a laugh.
But I didn't see anything
romantically happening with him.
When one of the new boys walked in,
I instantly knew
there was a connection there.
I am lucky to have finally found
what I have been looking for.
I have decided to re-couple.
Who would you like to re-couple
with?
Frankie.
Congratulations, Frankie. Go and
join Samira.
Let's find out if Sam has also
re-coupled.
Welcome back, Sam. Welcome to the
villa, Ellie.  Hello.
Hi, guys. How are you feeling?
Why did you decide to re-couple with
Ellie?
We have got on really well over the
last few days and I see something
more romantic with her than the
couple I am already in.
Ellie, what made you most nervous
about coming here?  Meeting everyone.
Congratulations. Go and take a seat.
Finally, Georgia, please stand up.
Georgia, what is going through your
head?  A lot.
A lot of stuff is going through my
head. My head is spinning.
What has it been like here without
Josh?  Very different.
Very different.  Have you missed him?
I have. A lot.  The choice is yours.
You have to decide whether you trust
Josh,
whether you think he has been loyal
to you in Casa Amor and do you want
to stick with Josh or re-couple?
One thing with me and Josh, I
started my relationship very loyal.
I think that is a trait I carry
which
he really likes and appreciates. He
is someone I do see a future with.
I want to stick with my Josh.
Georgia, you have decided to stay
coupled up with Josh.
If Josh walks in with a new girl,
you are single.
If he walks in
alone, he is all yours.
Let's find out.
I don't even want to look. I don't
want to look. I don't.
Come on, Josh.
Flippin' heck.
Georgia, you have decided to stay
coupled up with Josh.
If Josh walks in with a new girl,
you are single.
If he walks in
alone, he is all yours.
Let's find out.
Come on, Josh.
Oh, my God.
(MUSIC)
Josh, as you can see, Georgia wanted
to stay coupled up with you.
How do you feel? Do you think you
made the right decision?
I went with my gut and I feel like I
made the right decision.
Why did you want to couple up with
Kaz?
I went into Casa Amor thinking I
wasn't going to get my head turned.
I thought if I did go in, it would
have to be
someone sensational,
someone who blew me away.
And Kaz did that.
OK...
Georgia, how are you feeling?
I was loyal to you. My God.
I stuck by you, Josh.
In the situation where we said we
would be open
and honest with each other, I didn't
have the chance.
I wasn't able to
speak to you.  It's fine.  I am sorry.
I went with my gut.
Kaz, how are you feeling?
Obviously it is a hard situation for
me.
I don't want to tread on anyone's
toes.
But if anyone was in this situation,
they would probably do the same
thing.
I felt like I had a strong
connection with Josh.
OK.
Guys, congratulations. Take a seat.
I had something right in front of
me.
You stuck with your gut.
I could have gone with my head but I
went with my heart.
(SIGHS)
That is the re-coupling complete.
Jordan and Dean, I am afraid you
weren't picked by any of the girls
and we also have two girls from Casa
Amor who were not picked.
Savannah and Charlie.
Welcome to the villa.  Thank you.
Hi, guys. Unfortunately, you four
were not picked in the re-coupling
which means your time
on Love Island is now up.
You have time to say your
goodbyes.
The rest of you,
I will see you very soon.
Good luck.
Bye, guys.
Are you all right?
I get that you have done what you
have done.
If you feel a certain
way, you can't hide it.
She seems like the female
equivalent of you.
You have walked
in and I can just tell.
Subtitles by Deluxe
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org